hello julien cloarec sports coach I
present you today an exercise
for the calf work of this
exercise we will use imba
remained in charge will be adapted to
your level is this one on your
shoulders balanced laterally with you
then go feet wide of the
pelvis contracted well abdominals
to avoid digging the lumbar
basin is in neutral position
the look and flix in van damne have
pushed on the toes for
take off the state note got back up
well the ceiling we go down in
controlling the movement one expires and
Inspired ash
breath
then we go down again while controlling
slowly
we suffer
and in essence attention to the movements
anarchic with your bus your pond
which could cause some problems
do not hesitate to repeat if he is fifteen
or twenty times and then performing three
or four sets spaced a minute apart
each for recovery
the interest of this standing work and
to add the weight of the body on the muscle
for exercise to control your
balance to solicit a wider
part of our best
you then this bar for your
minutes of recovery